# Xue Yushan's Project Portfolio Page

## Project: Code Hunt

### Overview
Code Hunt is a text-based adventure game using command lines for children aged
4 to 9 who have little prior coding experience but have an interest in coding
to learn basic coding knowledge through playing games and collecting knowledge cards.

### Summary of Contributions
Given below are my contributions to the project.

* New Feature: Add the TreasureHuntMap in difficult level
    * What it does: Allow users to take TreasureHuntMap as a challenge.
    * Justification: This feature improves the variety of games which improves the user experience.
    * Comments: This feature can help user to learn the basic knowledge of programming directly. When user input the move function
      , user can understand how the functions in programming performs.

* New feature: Add the about command for MainPage.
    * What it does: Display information about Code Hunt.
    * Justification: This feature improves the product significantly because a user can understand what the Code Hunt does.

* New feature: Add the delete command for Card.
    * What it does: Delete an unwanted card in your package by index.
    * Justification: This feature improves the product significantly because a user can choose to delete the cards
      that have already been used or where the knowledge on is known already.

* New feature: Add the exit command in Intermediate page:
    * What it does: Exit Code Hunt
    
* New feature: Add CardMenu.
    * what it does: Executes user commands using the Card component.
    * Justification: It listens for changes to Player data so that the UI can be updated with the modified data.
    * Comments: It depends on some classes in the Player component, as it displays / finds cards storing in the Player.

* New feature: Add Storage in Card.
    * what it does: Save game history data in .dat file, and read it back into corresponding object.
    * Justification: It helps user to save the game history data that his got before.

* Code contributed: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2113-ay2122s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2021-09-25&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&zFR=false&tabAuthor=Mist0919&tabRepo=AY2122S1-CS2113-T13-3%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false)

* Project management:
    * Updating user/developer docs that are not specific to a feature
    * Maintaining the issue tracker.
    * Necessary general code enhancements.

* Enhancements to existing features:
    * Wrote additional tests for existing features to increase coverage

* Contributions to User Guide:
    * Wrote Games: I added the brief introduction that seeks to inform the user the description of four different games.

    * Wrote Quick Start: I added the brief introduction that helps user to quickly start playing the Code Hunt.
      In addition, I also added instruction of several commands.
    * Wrote Command Summary: I added some columns in command summary for Card Page, which is clean and easy for user to understand.

* Contributions to Developer Guide:
    * Added the image in Storage component.
    * Added the implementation details of UI component
    * Added the instruction and implementation details in Architecture.
    * Added several user stories.